* optimize for fast scanning workflow (ie for scanning an entire bookshelf full of books in). Some ideas:
    * less button presses once the scanning process is started. Once one barcode is scanned/recognized, immediately open up the camera/scanner again for the next one. There should be some view of which books have been scanned so far.
    * better barcode recognition. The current implementation works but it takes a kinda long time to recognize the barcode. Please explore ways to optimize this. See if there

Please try to make the barcode recognition faster. The current implementation works but it takes a kinda long time to recognize the barcode. Please explore ways to optimize this. If this can be optimized using the current libraries in use, great, or if other libraries should be explored, that works too. If you are not confident about easy ways to do this, please come up with some testing strategy that will help you iterate on a solution.

I would like to optimize the app for an efficient scanning workflow (ie for scanning an entire bookshelf full of books in). Overall, I would like to minimize the amount of button presses required so the workflow is streamlined. I do not want this to be a whole separate workflow from normal scanning, this should just be an enhancement to how scanning in books works. I also want to be sure there is still feedback on when a book is scanned in so that the user can see that a book was successfully scanned in and recognized as the proper book. Please recommend a good workflow for this. I would also like you to test this using the ISBN Scanning Test Mode. Feel free to streamline or refactor that to improve it.
